Simplify (#64)
component-driven/component-driven-development: src/components/layout/Readme.md

> Layout primitives are components that manage white space of their children.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Layout primitives are components that manage the whitespace of their children.
```

> Instead of adding margin to your primitives which makes

Reviewer: TODO ;-)

Author: Done

> The guiding principle for layout is that components should not provide surrounding white space. Instead, spacing between elements is controlled entirely by layout primitives. This approach ensures that the system is as composable as possible while keeping white space completely predictable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The guiding principle for layout is that components should not provide surrounding whitespace. Instead, the spacing between elements is controlled entirely by layout primitives. This approach ensures that the system is as composable as possible while keeping the whitespace completely predictable.
```
